Warn users about sandboxing and public sharing (#15951)
metabase/metabase: docs/enterprise-guide/data-sandboxes.md

An important distinction to make is that you can use a saved SQL query in the _creation_ of a sandbox. One of the options for setting up a data sandbox allows you to display the results of a saved question instead of the raw table. In this situation, you might choose to use a SQL query to supply the results that you'd like to display to a specific user group instead of the raw table itself.

#### Data sandboxes and public sharing don't play well together

> As sandboxing works by adding filters at query run time based on user parameters, enabling public sharing should be avoided. A public question or dashboard will show the anonymous viewers all the contents of these as Metabase does not have any parameter to filter with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public questions and dashboards can't be sandboxed. Sandboxing works by filtering data based on the group membership and user attributes of an authenticated user — so since a user doesn't have to log in to see a public question or dashboard, Metabase has no knowledge of who that user is.
```

Recommended edit by @mazameli.
